!TAIR GO SLIM CATEGORIES 
!Date updated: 20190520
!This file contains a tab delimited list of the Plant GO Slim terms used for functional classification of the Arabidopsis genome.  For each category, annotations are returned if they are annotated to the term or its children. If there is another GO Slim category that is a child term, then the annotations will map to that child and not it's parent term.
!ONTOLOGY ASPECT=the parent ontology for the slim term. One of , cellular component, molecular function or biological process.
!GO term= primary name of the GO term
!GO_ID=unique identifier for the GO term 
!SLIM_NAME= name of slim category as it appears in TAIR Functional Categorization output

ONTOLOGY ASPECT	GO TERM	GO_ID	DEFINITION	SLIM_NAME
cellular component	Golgi apparatus	GO:0005794	"A compound membranous cytoplasmic organelle of eukaryotic cells, consisting of flattened, ribosome-free vesicles arranged in a more or less regular stack. The Golgi apparatus differs from the endoplasmic reticulum in often having slightly thicker membranes, appearing in sections as a characteristic shallow semicircle so that the convex side (cis or entry face) abuts the endoplasmic reticulum, secretory vesicles emerging from the concave side (trans or exit face). In vertebrate cells there is usually one such organelle, while in invertebrates and plants, where they are known usually as dictyosomes, there may be several scattered in the cytoplasm. The Golgi apparatus processes proteins produced on the ribosomes of the rough endoplasmic reticulum; such processing includes modification of the core oligosaccharides of glycoproteins, and the sorting and packaging of proteins for transport to a variety of cellular locations. Three different regions of the Golgi are now recognized both in terms of structure and function: cis, in the vicinity of the cis face, trans, in the vicinity of the trans face, and medial, lying between the cis and trans regions."	Golgi apparatus
cellular component	external encapsulating structure	GO:0030312	A structure that lies outside the plasma membrane and surrounds the entire cell or cells. This does not include the periplasmic space.	external encapsulating structure
cellular component	cell wall	GO:0005618	"The rigid or semi-rigid envelope lying outside the cell membrane of plant, fungal, most prokaryotic cells and some protozoan parasites, maintaining their shape and protecting them from osmotic lysis. In plants it is made of cellulose and, often, lignin; in fungi it is composed largely of polysaccharides; in bacteria it is composed of peptidoglycan; in protozoan parasites such as Giardia species, it's made of carbohydrates and proteins."	cell wall
cellular component	cellular_component	GO:0005575	"A location, relative to cellular compartments and structures, occupied by a macromolecular machine when it carries out a molecular function. There are two ways in which the gene ontology describes locations of gene products: (1) relative to cellular structures (e.g., cytoplasmic side of plasma membrane) or compartments (e.g., mitochondrion), and (2) the stable macromolecular complexes of which they are parts (e.g., the ribosome)."	other cellular components
cellular component	chloroplast	GO:0009507	"A chlorophyll-containing plastid with thylakoids organized into grana and frets, or stroma thylakoids, and embedded in a stroma."	chloroplast
cellular component	cytoplasm	GO:0005737	"All of the contents of a cell excluding the plasma membrane and nucleus, but including other subcellular structures."	cytoplasm	
cellular component	endoplasmic reticulum	GO:0005783	"The irregular network of unit membranes, visible only by electron microscopy, that occurs in the cytoplasm of many eukaryotic cells. The membranes form a complex meshwork of tubular channels, which are often expanded into slitlike cavities called cisternae. The ER takes two forms, rough (or granular), with ribosomes adhering to the outer surface, and smooth (with no ribosomes attached)."	endoplasmic reticulum
cellular component	endosome	GO:0005768	A vacuole to which materials ingested by endocytosis are delivered.	endosome
cellular component	extracellular region	GO:0005576	The space external to the outermost structure of a cell. For cells without external protective or external encapsulating structures this refers to space outside of the plasma membrane. This term covers the host cell environment outside an intracellular parasite.	extracellular region
cellular component	lysosome	GO:0005764	"A small lytic vacuole that has cell cycle-independent morphology and is found in most animal cells and that contains a variety of hydrolases, most of which have their maximal activities in the pH range 5-6. The contained enzymes display latency if properly isolated. About 40 different lysosomal hydrolases are known and lysosomes have a great variety of morphologies and functions."	lysosome
cellular component	membrane	GO:0016020	A lipid bilayer along with all the proteins and protein complexes embedded in it an attached to it.	other membranes
cellular component	mitochondrion	GO:0005739	"A semiautonomous, self replicating organelle that occurs in varying numbers, shapes, and sizes in the cytoplasm of virtually all eukaryotic cells. It is notably the site of tissue respiration."	mitochondrion
cellular component	intracellular	GO:0005622	"The living contents of a cell; the matter contained within (but not including) the plasma membrane, usually taken to exclude large vacuoles and masses of secretory or ingested material. In eukaryotes it includes the nucleus and cytoplasm."	other intracellular components
cellular component	nucleolus	GO:0005730	"A small, dense body one or more of which are present in the nucleus of eukaryotic cells. It is rich in RNA and protein, is not bounded by a limiting membrane, and is not seen during mitosis. Its prime function is the transcription of the nucleolar DNA into 45S ribosomal-precursor RNA, the processing of this RNA into 5.8S, 18S, and 28S components of ribosomal RNA, and the association of these components with 5S RNA and proteins synthesized outside the nucleolus. This association results in the formation of ribonucleoprotein precursors; these pass into the cytoplasm and mature into the 40S and 60S subunits of the ribosome."	nucleolus
cellular component	nucleoplasm	GO:0005654	That part of the nuclear content other than the chromosomes or the nucleolus.	nucleoplasm
cellular component	nucleus	GO:0005634	"A membrane-bounded organelle of eukaryotic cells in which chromosomes are housed and replicated. In most cells, the nucleus contains all of the cell's chromosomes except the organellar chromosomes, and is the site of RNA synthesis and processing. In some species, or in specialized cell types, RNA metabolism or DNA replication may be absent."	nucleus
cellular component	peroxisome	GO:0005777	"A small organelle enclosed by a single membrane, and found in most eukaryotic cells. Contains peroxidases and other enzymes involved in a variety of metabolic processes including free radical detoxification, lipid catabolism and biosynthesis, and hydrogen peroxide metabolism."	peroxisome
cellular component	plasma membrane	GO:0005886	The membrane surrounding a cell that separates the cell from its external environment. It consists of a phospholipid bilayer and associated proteins.	plasma membrane
cellular component	plastid	GO:0009536	"Any member of a family of organelles found in the cytoplasm of plants and some protists, which are membrane-bounded and contain DNA. Plant plastids develop from a common type, the proplastid."	plastid
cellular component	ribosome	GO:0005840	"An intracellular organelle, about 200 A in diameter, consisting of RNA and protein. It is the site of protein biosynthesis resulting from translation of messenger RNA (mRNA). It consists of two subunits, one large and one small, each containing only protein and RNA. Both the ribosome and its subunits are characterized by their sedimentation coefficients, expressed in Svedberg units (symbol: S). Hence, the prokaryotic ribosome (70S) comprises a large (50S) subunit and a small (30S) subunit, while the eukaryotic ribosome (80S) comprises a large (60S) subunit and a small (40S) subunit. Two sites on the ribosomal large subunit are involved in translation, namely the aminoacyl site (A site) and peptidyl site (P site). Ribosomes from prokaryotes, eukaryotes, mitochondria, and chloroplasts have characteristically distinct ribosomal proteins."	ribosome
cellular component	nuclear envelope	GO:0005635	"The double lipid bilayer enclosing the nucleus and separating its contents from the rest of the cytoplasm; includes the intermembrane space, a gap of width 20-40 nm (also called the perinuclear space)."	nuclear envelope
cellular component	thylakoid	GO:0009579	"A membranous cellular structure that bears the photosynthetic pigments in plants, algae, and cyanobacteria. In cyanobacteria thylakoids are of various shapes and are attached to, or continuous with, the plasma membrane. In eukaryotes they are flattened, membrane-bounded disk-like structures located in the chloroplasts; in the chloroplasts of higher plants the thylakoids form dense stacks called grana. Isolated thylakoid preparations can carry out photosynthetic electron transport and the associated phosphorylation."	thylakoid
cellular component	vacuole	GO:0005773	"A closed structure, found only in eukaryotic cells, that is completely surrounded by unit membrane and contains liquid material. Cells contain one or several vacuoles, that may have different functions from each other. Vacuoles have a diverse array of functions. They can act as a storage organelle for nutrients or waste products, as a degradative compartment, as a cost-effective way of increasing cell size, and as a homeostatic regulator controlling both turgor pressure and pH of the cytosol."	vacuole
cellular component	cell	GO:0005623	The basic structural and functional unit of all organisms. Includes the plasma membrane and any external encapsulating structures such as the cell wall and cell envelope.	cell
molecular function	DNA binding	GO:0003677	Any molecular function by which a gene product interacts selectively and non-covalently with DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid).	DNA binding
molecular function	RNA binding	GO:0003723	Interacting selectively and non-covalently with an RNA molecule or a portion thereof.	RNA binding
molecular function	chromatin binding	GO:0003682	"Interacting selectively and non-covalently with chromatin, the network of fibers of DNA, protein, and sometimes RNA, that make up the chromosomes of the eukaryotic nucleus during interphase."	chromatin binding
molecular function	catalytic activity	GO:0003824	"Catalysis of a biochemical reaction at physiological temperatures. In biologically catalyzed reactions, the reactants are known as substrates, and the catalysts are naturally occurring macromolecular substances known as enzymes. Enzymes possess specific binding sites for substrates, and are usually composed wholly or largely of protein, but RNA that has catalytic activity (ribozyme) is often also regarded as enzymatic."	catalytic activity
molecular function	kinase activity	GO:0016301	"Catalysis of the transfer of a phosphate group, usually from ATP, to a substrate molecule."	kinase activity
molecular function	hydrolase activity	GO:0016787	"Catalysis of the hydrolysis of various bonds, e.g. C-O, C-N, C-C, phosphoric anhydride bonds, etc. Hydrolase is the systematic name for any enzyme of EC class 3."	hydrolase activity
molecular function	signaling receptor binding	GO:0005102	"Interacting selectively and non-covalently with one or more specific sites on a receptor molecule, a macromolecule that undergoes combination with a hormone, neurotransmitter, drug or intracellular messenger to initiate a change in cell function."	signaling receptor binding
molecular function	binding	GO:0005488	"The selective, non-covalent, often stoichiometric, interaction of a molecule with one or more specific sites on another molecule."	other binding
molecular function	lipid binding	GO:0008289	Interacting selectively and non-covalently with a lipid.	lipid binding
molecular function	molecular_function	GO:0003674	"A molecular process that can be carried out by the action of a single macromolecular machine, usually via direct physical interactions with other molecular entities. Function in this sense denotes an action, or activity, that a gene product (or a complex) performs. These actions are described from two distinct but related perspectives: (1) biochemical activity, and (2) role as a component in a larger system/process."	other molecular functions
molecular function	motor activity	GO:0003774	"Catalysis of the generation of force resulting either in movement along a microfilament or microtubule, or in torque resulting in membrane scission, coupled to the hydrolysis of a nucleoside triphosphate."	motor activity
molecular function	nuclease activity	GO:0004518	Catalysis of the hydrolysis of ester linkages within nucleic acids.	nuclease activity
molecular function	nucleic acid binding	GO:0003676	Interacting selectively and non-covalently with any nucleic acid.	nucleic acid binding
molecular function	nucleotide binding	GO:0000166	"Interacting selectively and non-covalently with a nucleotide, any compound consisting of a nucleoside that is esterified with (ortho)phosphate or an oligophosphate at any hydroxyl group on the ribose or deoxyribose."	nucleotide binding
molecular function	structural molecule activity	GO:0005198	The action of a molecule that contributes to the structural integrity of a complex or its assembly within or outside a cell.	structural molecule activity
molecular function	protein binding	GO:0005515	Interacting selectively and non-covalently with any protein or protein complex (a complex of two or more proteins that may include other nonprotein molecules).	protein binding
molecular function	DNA-binding transcription factor activity	GO:0003700	"A protein or a member of a complex that interacts selectively and non-covalently with a specific DNA sequence (sometimes referred to as a motif) within the regulatory region of a gene to modulate transcription. Regulatory regions include promoters (proximal and distal) and enhancers. Genes are transcriptional units, and include bacterial operons."	DNA-binding transcription factor activity
molecular function	transferase activity	GO:0016740	"Catalysis of the transfer of a group, e.g. a methyl group, glycosyl group, acyl group, phosphorus-containing, or other groups, from one compound (generally regarded as the donor) to another compound (generally regarded as the acceptor). Transferase is the systematic name for any enzyme of EC class 2."	transferase activity
molecular function	"translation factor activity, RNA binding"	GO:0008135	Functions during translation by interacting selectively and non-covalently with RNA during polypeptide synthesis at the ribosome.	"translation factor activity, RNA binding"
molecular function	transporter activity	GO:0005215	"Enables the directed movement of substances (such as macromolecules, small molecules, ions) into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."	transporter activity
molecular function	transcription regulator activity	GO:0140110	"A molecular function that controls the rate, timing and/or magnitude of transcription of genetic information. The function of transcriptional regulators is to modulate gene expression at the transcription step so that they are expressed in the right cell at the right time and in the right amount throughout the life of the cell and the organism."	transcription regulator activity
molecular function	carbohydrate binding	GO:0030246	"Interacting selectively and non-covalently with any carbohydrate, which includes monosaccharides, oligosaccharides and polysaccharides as well as substances derived from monosaccharides by reduction of the carbonyl group (alditols), by oxidation of one or more hydroxy groups to afford the corresponding aldehydes, ketones, or carboxylic acids, or by replacement of one or more hydroxy group(s) by a hydrogen atom. Cyclitols are generally not regarded as carbohydrates."	carbohydrate binding
molecular function	enzyme regulator activity	GO:0030234	Binds to and modulates the activity of an enzyme.	enzyme regulator activity
molecular function	oxygen binding	GO:0019825	Interacting selectively and non-covalently with oxygen (O2).	oxygen binding
molecular function	translation regulator activity	GO:0045182	"Any molecular function involved in the initiation, activation, perpetuation, repression or termination of polypeptide synthesis at the ribosome."	translation regulator activity
molecular function	signaling receptor activity	GO:0038023	Receiving a signal and transmitting it in the cell to initiate a change in cell activity. A signal is a physical entity or change in state that is used to transfer information in order to trigger a response.	signaling receptor activity
biological process	DNA metabolic process	GO:0006259	"Any cellular metabolic process involving deoxyribonucleic acid. This is one of the two main types of nucleic acid, consisting of a long, unbranched macromolecule formed from one, or more commonly, two, strands of linked deoxyribonucleotides."	DNA metabolic process
biological process	anatomical structure development	GO:0048856	"The biological process whose specific outcome is the progression of an anatomical structure from an initial condition to its mature state. This process begins with the formation of the structure and ends with the mature structure, whatever form that may be including its natural destruction. An anatomical structure is any biological entity that occupies space and is distinguished from its surroundings. Anatomical structures can be macroscopic such as a carpel, or microscopic such as an acrosome."	anatomical structure development
biological process	biosynthetic process	GO:0009058	The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of substances; typically the energy-requiring part of metabolism in which simpler substances are transformed into more complex ones.	biosynthetic process
biological process	generation of precursor metabolites and energy	GO:0006091	"The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the formation of precursor metabolites, substances from which energy is derived, and any process involved in the liberation of energy from these substances."	generation of precursor metabolites and energy
biological process	carbohydrate metabolic process	GO:0005975	"The chemical reactions and pathways involving carbohydrates, any of a group of organic compounds based of the general formula Cx(H2O)y. Includes the formation of carbohydrate derivatives by the addition of a carbohydrate residue to another molecule."	carbohydrate metabolic process
biological process	catabolic process	GO:0009056	"The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in the breakdown of substances, including the breakdown of carbon compounds with the liberation of energy for use by the cell or organism."	catabolic process
biological process	cell communication	GO:0007154	"Any process that mediates interactions between a cell and its surroundings. Encompasses interactions such as signaling or attachment between one cell and another cell, between a cell and an extracellular matrix, or between a cell and any other aspect of its environment."	cell communication
biological process	cell cycle	GO:0007049	"The progression of biochemical and morphological phases and events that occur in a cell during successive cell replication or nuclear replication events. Canonically, the cell cycle comprises the replication and segregation of genetic material followed by the division of the cell, but in endocycles or syncytial cells nuclear replication or nuclear division may not be followed by cell division."	cell cycle
biological process	cell death	GO:0008219	"Any biological process that results in permanent cessation of all vital functions of a cell. A cell should be considered dead when any one of the following molecular or morphological criteria is met: (1) the cell has lost the integrity of its plasma membrane; (2) the cell, including its nucleus, has undergone complete fragmentation into discrete bodies (frequently referred to as apoptotic bodies). The cell corpse (or its fragments) may be engulfed by an adjacent cell in vivo, but engulfment of whole cells should not be considered a strict criteria to define cell death as, under some circumstances, live engulfed cells can be released from phagosomes (see PMID:18045538)."	cell death
biological process	cell growth	GO:0016049	The process in which a cell irreversibly increases in size over time by accretion and biosynthetic production of matter similar to that already present.	cell growth
biological process	cellular component organization	GO:0016043	"A process that results in the assembly, arrangement of constituent parts, or disassembly of a cellular component."	cellular component organization
biological process	photosynthesis	GO:0015979	"The synthesis by organisms of organic chemical compounds, especially carbohydrates, from carbon dioxide (CO2) using energy obtained from light rather than from the oxidation of chemical compounds."	photosynthesis
biological process	cell-cell signaling	GO:0007267	"Any process that mediates the transfer of information from one cell to another. This process includes signal transduction in the receiving cell and, where applicable, release of a ligand and any processes that actively facilitate its transport and presentation to the receiving cell.  Examples include signaling via soluble ligands, via cell adhesion molecules and via gap junctions."	cell-cell signaling
biological process	response to light stimulus	GO:0009416	"Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a light stimulus, electromagnetic radiation of wavelengths classified as infrared, visible or ultraviolet light."	response to light stimulus
biological process	lipid metabolic process	GO:0006629	"The chemical reactions and pathways involving lipids, compounds soluble in an organic solvent but not, or sparingly, in an aqueous solvent. Includes fatty acids; neutral fats, other fatty-acid esters, and soaps; long-chain (fatty) alcohols and waxes; sphingoids and other long-chain bases; glycolipids, phospholipids and sphingolipids; and carotenes, polyprenols, sterols, terpenes and other isoprenoids."	lipid metabolic process
biological process	circadian rhythm	GO:0007623	Any biological process in an organism that recurs with a regularity of approximately 24 hours.	circadian rhythm
biological process	nucleobase-containing compound metabolic process	GO:0006139	"Any cellular metabolic process involving nucleobases, nucleosides, nucleotides and nucleic acids."	nucleobase-containing compound metabolic process
biological process	metabolic process	GO:0008152	"The chemical reactions and pathways, including anabolism and catabolism, by which living organisms transform chemical substances. Metabolic processes typically transform small molecules, but also include macromolecular processes such as DNA repair and replication, and protein synthesis and degradation."	other metabolic processes
biological process	multicellular organism development	GO:0007275	The biological process whose specific outcome is the progression of a multicellular organism over time from an initial condition (e.g. a zygote or a young adult) to a later condition (e.g. a multicellular animal or an aged adult).	multicellular organism development
biological process	translation	GO:0006412	"The cellular metabolic process in which a protein is formed, using the sequence of a mature mRNA or circRNA molecule to specify the sequence of amino acids in a polypeptide chain. Translation is mediated by the ribosome, and begins with the formation of a ternary complex between aminoacylated initiator methionine tRNA, GTP, and initiation factor 2, which subsequently associates with the small subunit of the ribosome and an mRNA or circRNA. Translation ends with the release of a polypeptide chain from the ribosome."	translation
biological process	signal transduction	GO:0007165	"The cellular process in which a signal is conveyed to trigger a change in the activity or state of a cell. Signal transduction begins with reception of a signal (e.g. a ligand binding to a receptor or receptor activation by a stimulus such as light), or for signal transduction in the absence of ligand, signal-withdrawal or the activity of a constitutively active receptor. Signal transduction ends with regulation of a downstream cellular process, e.g. regulation of transcription or regulation of a metabolic process. Signal transduction covers signaling from receptors located on the surface of the cell and signaling via molecules located within the cell. For signaling between cells, signal transduction is restricted to events at and within the receiving cell."	signal transduction
biological process	cellular protein modification process	GO:0006464	"The covalent alteration of one or more amino acids occurring in proteins, peptides and nascent polypeptides (co-translational, post-translational modifications) occurring at the level of an individual cell. Includes the modification of charged tRNAs that are destined to occur in a protein (pre-translation modification)."	cellular protein modification process
biological process	response to stress	GO:0006950	"Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a disturbance in organismal or cellular homeostasis, usually, but not necessarily, exogenous (e.g. temperature, humidity, ionizing radiation)."	response to stress
biological process	transport	GO:0006810	"The directed movement of substances (such as macromolecules, small molecules, ions) or cellular components (such as complexes and organelles) into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, or within a multicellular organism by means of some agent such as a transporter, pore or motor protein."	transport
biological process	response to abiotic stimulus	GO:0009628	"Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an abiotic (not derived from living organisms) stimulus."	response to abiotic stimulus
biological process	tropism	GO:0009606	"The movement of an organism, or part of an organism, in response to an external source of stimulus, usually toward or away from it."	tropism
biological process	response to biotic stimulus	GO:0009607	"Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a biotic stimulus, a stimulus caused or produced by a living organism."	response to biotic stimulus
biological process	response to external stimulus	GO:0009605	"Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of an external stimulus."	response to external stimulus
biological process	growth	GO:0040007	"The increase in size or mass of an entire organism, a part of an organism or a cell."	growth
biological process	cellular homeostasis	GO:0019725	Any process involved in the maintenance of an internal steady state at the level of the cell.	cellular homeostasis
biological process	cell differentiation	GO:0030154	"The process in which relatively unspecialized cells, e.g. embryonic or regenerative cells, acquire specialized structural and/or functional features that characterize the cells, tissues, or organs of the mature organism or some other relatively stable phase of the organism's life history. Differentiation includes the processes involved in commitment of a cell to a specific fate and its subsequent development to the mature state."	cell differentiation
biological process	secondary metabolic process	GO:0019748	"The chemical reactions and pathways resulting in many of the chemical changes of compounds that are not necessarily required for growth and maintenance of cells, and are often unique to a taxon. In multicellular organisms secondary metabolism is generally carried out in specific cell types, and may be useful for the organism as a whole. In unicellular organisms, secondary metabolism is often used for the production of antibiotics or for the utilization and acquisition of unusual nutrients."	secondary metabolic process
biological process	pollination	GO:0009856	"The cascade of biological processes occurring in plants beginning when the pollen lands on the female reproductive organs of a plant and continuing up to, but not including, fertilization, as defined by sperm-egg cell fusion."	pollination
biological process	abscission	GO:0009838	The controlled shedding of a body part.	abscission
biological process	fruit ripening	GO:0009835	"An aging process that has as participant a fruit. Ripening causes changes in one or more characteristics of a fruit (color, aroma, flavor, texture, hardness, cell wall structure) and may make it more attractive to animals and aid in seed dispersal."	fruit ripening
biological process	flower development	GO:0009908	"The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the flower over time, from its formation to the mature structure. The flower is the reproductive structure in a plant, and its development begins with the transition of the vegetative or inflorescence meristem into a floral meristem."	flower development
biological process	protein metabolic process	GO:0019538	The chemical reactions and pathways involving a protein. Includes protein modification.	protein metabolic process
biological process	response to endogenous stimulus	GO:0009719	"Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a stimulus arising within the organism."	response to endogenous stimulus
biological process	response to chemical	GO:0042221	"Any process that results in a change in state or activity of a cell or an organism (in terms of movement, secretion, enzyme production, gene expression, etc.) as a result of a chemical stimulus."	response to chemical
biological process	"regulation of gene expression, epigenetic"	GO:0040029	"Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of gene expression; the process is mitotically or meiotically heritable, or is stably self-propagated in the cytoplasm of a resting cell, and does not entail a change in DNA sequence."	"regulation of gene expression, epigenetic"
biological process	embryo development	GO:0009790	"The process whose specific outcome is the progression of an embryo from its formation until the end of its embryonic life stage. The end of the embryonic stage is organism-specific. For example, for mammals, the process would begin with zygote formation and end with birth. For insects, the process would begin at zygote formation and end with larval hatching. For plant zygotic embryos, this would be from zygote formation to the end of seed dormancy. For plant vegetative embryos, this would be from the initial determination of the cell or group of cells to form an embryo until the point when the embryo becomes independent of the parent plant."	embryo development
biological process	post-embryonic development	GO:0009791	"The process whose specific outcome is the progression of the organism over time, from the completion of embryonic development to the mature structure. See embryonic development."	post-embryonic development
biological process	reproduction	GO:0000003	The production of new individuals that contain some portion of genetic material inherited from one or more parent organisms.	reproduction
biological process	cellular process	GO:0009987	"Any process that is carried out at the cellular level, but not necessarily restricted to a single cell. For example, cell communication occurs among more than one cell, but occurs at the cellular level."	other cellular processes
biological process	regulation of molecular function	GO:0065009	"Any process that modulates the frequency, rate or extent of a molecular function, an elemental biological activity occurring at the molecular level, such as catalysis or binding."	regulation of molecular function
biological process	biological_process	GO:0008150	"A biological process represents a specific objective that the organism is genetically programmed to achieve. Biological processes are often described by their outcome or ending state, e.g., the biological process of cell division results in the creation of two daughter cells (a divided cell) from a single parent cell. A biological process is accomplished by a particular set of molecular functions carried out by specific gene products (or macromolecular complexes), often in a highly regulated manner and in a particular temporal sequence."	other biological processes